listen I personally think this movie is
like a YouTube read original film that
should have got released for free but
well I think it's terrible I did make a
deal with the Slenderman
so if you don't watch this whole video
right here and share it I'm sorry but
he's gonna find you at night
let me explain so a quick recap on this
creepy Gabe from the office lookin dude
he was created by Eric Knudsen for a
Photoshop challenge that went viral
about this slender man in a suit who
terrorizes children but he he also gets
it like pick and choose at random who he
terrorizes and who he keeps a
screenwriters dream he's had his own
series a couple of video games
a documentary several other movies with
doug jones actually killing anyone
keeping his creepy streak of characters
but then in 2014 two twelve-year-old
girls didn't know how to keep an
internet meme online and made the pasta
extra creepy by actually stabbing
another girl
because Slenderman told them to how
because of that they won't even show the
movie in Wisconsin
of course Wisconsin but it's what year
olds like that that cause other creepy
memes like Comeau mo meme to emerge
where you contact a whatsapp number and
it sends you creepy stuff and eventually
dares you to kill yourself which a girl
also did how the best way to not find
yourself in the movies position is by
not even positioning yourself to watch
this boring movie see this movie decides
to rip off a little from the ring where
this group of girls watched this video
with a bunch of images after closing
their eyes for three bell rings and boom
their haunted what did you think you
were gonna get out of this game they all
start getting terrorized by this
operator since he's practically Randall
from Monsters Inc and can just slither
around to sneak up on him but if you
remember that movie the gallows where
half of it wasn't even scary it was just
zooming in on rope why played really
loud creepy music that's what this movie
does but with tree branches by the time
they actually show this fool he's
looking like a PlayStation 1 graphic I
was more worried about Slender Man
scoliosis since he's so tall instead of
the girl safety especially when you see
how dumb they are first off the red head
you know as a gonner since this girl's
been in Ouija and oculus she has a
pattern of wanting to die after her
disappearance the rest of them start
getting advice from a mental health
patient online who tells them that they
have to
sacrifice what they love the most in
order to stop the Slenderman but instead
of Sparta kicking Gomorrah like Daniels
dead they pull up with a picture one
legit just brings a missing sign of the
friend that she misses like damn even
Kane offered up more to God in Genesis
and that dude was kicked out of Eden
obviously Slenderman thinks that their
show-and-tell sacrifices are trash and
he continues to hunt them down one by
one and he actually does this thing
where he makes it seem like they're
choking themselves they're the ones
freaking themselves out that it's all in
their heads so we get one chick who
doesn't die but just turns into rocket
racoon and loses her mind the track star
can't outrun him either and almost loses
her sister because Ramona over here
decides to sacrifice her friend's
sibling sweet Beezus
both of them realize that it's never
going to stop and they just gotta
sacrifice themselves and Joey Kings like
look I was in the kissing booth I've
already made worse decisions and get
swooped up by a branch and dies
slender man then pulls up with that
infinity war spider-man suit thing that
chased the final girl and since he
already stole a little bit from the ring
with the video the man straight objects
the tree raping scene from The Evil Dead
consumes the girl and then it ends yeah
I'm a just way for that movie a ballet
Llorona
[Music]
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm Kirsten are your thoughts down
below in the comment section I
personally thought this was extremely
boring you know I had no idea what the
movie was doing I think you can't have
an interesting story when it comes to
Slenderman I think Slenderman can be a
very interesting character it's it's
cool to see how it like just popped off
not go to sea when people take it a
little bit too serious but I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comments section did you like this movie
is there a better story or game or comic
book or manga or anything else out there
dealing with Slenderman that you think
would be better definitely let me know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe or Slenderman is gonna find
you at night